To Promote an environment in the hospital that facilitates protection of patient’s rights and commitment towards patient care

To include preventive healthcare practices in addition to treatment applications without discrimination of religion, Language, Race and Gender.

Vision
To set a benchmark of excellence in advanced, hi tech multi disciplinary medical services in Asia, Offering high quality healthcare and tertiary care facilities.

Quality Policy
Neelkanth Eye Hospital is committed to deliver high quality patient care through applications of latest technology coupled with medical excellence, ensuring safety of treatment during patient's stay, promoting and environment of continuous quality improvement and complying with statutory regulations.

Neelkanth Eye Hospital: BORN TO SERVE

Sahara India Pariwar, one of the largest business groups of India has entered the Healthcare sector with a view to become the Best and the Largest Player in this fast growing sector.

The first of the three planned super-specialty hospitals is operational in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India, presently operating with 378 beds (expandable to 554 beds). Neelkanth Eye Hospital Lucknow is poised to become one of the top hospitals in Asia.

Neelkanth Eye Hospital is expected to place Lucknow on the world map of destinations for healthcare of global standards. The hospital has specially designed suites for patients and their families coming from overseas for medical treatment in India, as a cost-effective and reliable option.

With strength and commitment in our holistic healthcare delivery strategy- Neelkanth Eye Hospital aims at bridging the gap between quality health care and affordability. It has conceptualized to be patient friendly and intends to provide quality care with highest standards having all medical facilities and diagnostics under one roof.

MAKING ITS FORAY IN THE HEALTH CARE ARENA, Sahara group started its operations on Neelkanth Eye Hospital on 12th February 2009.The Multispecialty, Tertiary care medical destination is currently operating with 52 specialties.

Neelkanth Eye Hospital’s aesthetical design combines well with functional values to deliver a most satisfying experience to the patients and as well as their near and dear ones. The ambience is not only pleasing to the eyes but also touches hearts. With dedicated, expert and experienced doctors around, you are assured of quality, compassionate care and the most important, healing touch. Neelkanth Eye Hospital is now providing high quality & cost effective services, coupled with the warmth and caring nature that only true Indian hospitality can provide. As Multispecialty, Tertiary care destination, Neelkanth Eye Hospital offers a high order of integrated quality healthcare with the availability of all super specialties and latest generation diagnostic facilities under one roof.

We have developed special protocol for prompt & integrated management of Poly trauma & acute strokes with the availability of Neurosurgery, General Surgery, Orthopedic surgery, Plastic & Reconstructive surgery, Micro vascular surgery , Cardiothoracic surgery, Vascular surgery, Urology ,ENT surgery, Gastro surgery, Eye Surgery, Endocrine surgery, Dental and Maxillo- facial surgery supported by round the clock services of world class blood bank for safe & prompt availability of Blood components, Latest Generation diagnostics including 64 slice Cardiac CT, MRI, Lab Medicine supported by ultraclean Operation Theatres

Our hospital is always at your service 24 hours-seven days of the week. For any Emergency Admission please contact 24 hours help desk 0522-6780001 or 6780002. For any enquiry /registration please contact 0522 6782159(from 8.30 a.m. to 4.00p.m.)
 
Core Strengths
 
All Clinical Specialties are available under One Roof
 
A Rich Pool of Human Resource

Highly qualified experienced & Skilled Doctors and trained Paramedical professionals.
Surgical specialists & Super specialist of all Surgical Specialties
Round the clock presence of qualified & dedicated staff
Nursing college with a constant resource of the most qualified nurses.